=pod

=head1 NAME

Math::Cryptarithm - Solving simple cryptarithm.


=head1 VERSION

Version 0.1


=head1 DESCRIPTION

A primitive cryptarithm (also known as verbal arithmetic) solver.

See L<English Wikipedia: Verbal arithmetic|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Verbal_arithmetic>.


=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use Math::Cryptarithm;
    use Data::Dumper;

    my $abc5 = ["A + B = C5 ", "A % 2 = 0"];

    my $abc5_ans_in_eqs = Math::Cryptarithm->new($abc5)->solve_ans_in_equations();

    for my $set ($abc5_ans_in_eqs->@*) { 
        print join "\n", @{$set};
        print "\n\n"
    }

    # 2 + 3 = 05 
    # 2 % 2 = 0
    # 
    # 4 + 1 = 05 
    # 4 % 2 = 0
    #
    # 8 + 7 = 15 
    # 8 % 2 = 0
    #
    # 6 + 9 = 15 
    # 6 % 2 = 0


    my $abcd = [
        "ABA * ABA = CCDCC", 
        "ABA * A = CAC", 
        "ABA * B = ABA"
    ];

    my $abcd_ans = Math::Cryptarithm->new($abcd)->solve();

    say scalar $abcd_ans->@*;             # 1
    say $abcd_ans->[0]->{"A"};            # 2
    say $abcd_ans->[0]->{"B"};            # 1
    say $abcd_ans->[0]->{"C"};            # 4
    say $abcd_ans->[0]->{"D"};            # 9 


    my $magical_seven = ["ABCDEF * 6 = DEFABC"];
    my $magical_seven_ans = Math::Cryptarithm->new($magical_seven)->solve();

    print Dumper($magical_seven_ans);

    # $VAR1 = [ { 'A' => 1, 'F' => 7, 'E' => 5, 'B' => 4,'D' => 8, 'C' => 2 ];


=head1 METHODS

=head2 solve()

Return a list object of hashes with all possible solutions. Different letters represent different digits.

=head2 solve_ans_in_equations()

Return the possible solutions in "decrypted equations" form. See the section Synopsis.

=head1 TODOS

=head2 Improve the Module by Backtracking instead of Permutations

Currently the module runs slowly when the number of variables is equal to or more than 6. Using a backtracking as the algorithm should improve the performance of the module.

=head2 setRep($symbol)

Whether allow repetitions. 1 is no repetitions. 0 means repetitions are allowed. Default should be 1.

=head2 setLeadingZeros($symbol)

Whether allow zeros as possible values as the leading part of a word. 1 is allowed. 0 means not allowed. Default should be 1.

=head1 AUTHOR

Cheok-Yin Fung, <fungcheokyin at gmail.com>

=head1 REPOSITORY

L<https://github.com/E7-87-83/Math-Cryptarithm|https://github.com/E7-87-83/Math-Cryptarithm>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT & LICENSE

Copyright 2021 FUNG Cheok-Yin, all rights reserved.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the
terms of the the Artistic License (2.0).

=cut
